release: v1.37.0 (#4421)
apollographql/router: .changesets/feat_bryn_supergraph_urls.md

> ### Add support for downloading supergraph schema from a list of URLs. ([Issue #4219](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/4219))

Author: ```suggestion
### Add support for downloading supergraph schema from a list of URLs ([Issue #4219](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/4219))
```

> `APOLLO_ROUTER_SUPERGRAPH_URLS` takes a comma separated list of URLs which will be polled in order to try and retrieve the supergraph schema.
> 
> This is useful for users who require supergraph deployments to be synchronized via gitops workflow.
> Poll interval is controlled by `APOLLO_UPLINK_POLL_INTERVAL` and defaults to 10s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `APOLLO_ROUTER_SUPERGRAPH_URLS` environment variable has been introduced to support downloading supergraph schema from a list of URLs. This is useful for users who require supergraph deployments to be synchronized via GitOps workflows.

You configure `APOLLO_ROUTER_SUPERGRAPH_URLS` with a comma separated list of URLs that will be polled in order to try and retrieve the supergraph schema, and you configure the polling interval by setting `APOLLO_UPLINK_POLL_INTERVAL` (default: 10s).

```
